Database Outline Explanation

The database works on the premise of being able to add and delete data.  This adheres
to the idea that the database serves to manage the people that are part of the gym
franchise, whether it be employees or members.

Relationships

Since this database refers to a Gym franchise, then we must have a Gym entity that
represents the locations of all of the gyms that are part of the franchise.  Next,
we have the employees that work for the gym, and they form a separate entity.  The
employees and the gym are connected by the gym location, which would be set by the
ID of that particular gym.  It is important to note that employees may work for
different gym locations and the relationship is found in a separate table isEmployee.

Next, we have the members of the Gym.  This would be denoted by the Member entity.
The members are associated with a Gym through the isMember relationship, which links
a member to the gym through the member ID and gym ID.  Many members can be part of the
same gym and members can be part of many gyms.  This is a many-to-many relationship.

A Gym may also offer workout classes.  This is denoted by the Class relationship and
is a one-to-many relationship.

A member may take many workout classes at once.  A class may have one or more students.
This is a many-to-many relationship.

An employee may work at many gyms.  An employee may be an instructor for many classes
at any gym.  This is a man-to-many relationship between gyms and employees.

Constraints

If we modify data, such as deleting data, we need to make sure that rows in other
tables will also deleted appropriately.

If a gym location is deleted, then all the members, employees and workout classes
expressed in the relationship will be deleted from the relationship tables.

If an employee is deleted, then the appropriate rows will need to be deleted from any
of the classes that they have taught as well as being deleted from the appropriate
gym location (relationship table).  This will be done by cascading any changes through
its references.

If a member is deleted, then they will be deleted from the appropriate workout class
roster and gym location.  This will be done by cascading the changes through its reference.

If a class is deleted, then only the relationship is deleted, the employees and
members stay intact.
